Boy, what if you know kung fu
It's still the same in the building.
Come on.
Return to the end
Shen Tian, I don't think you dare to
I can't do that.
There are so many people buried with me here
It's all
What a fucking beast
Since you can't kill me
Then let's have a big blind date
The boy offended Mr. Shen and had no good fruit to eat
Just wash your neck and wait
Waste hurry up
Mr. Shen, thank you
Thank you for saving my life.
Hey, are you alright?
No sweat.
Get up, get up!
I will never forget your kindness
I have nowhere to go now
Or let me come to your house to make a personal medicine
Or let me promise you
Hey no no no
You get up first. Get up first.
I already have a wife
Ah so if you really don't have anywhere to go
You go to Diyun Group to find Park Wook
Just say you are a friend of the chairperson.
Chairperson you
You are the chairperson of the first person group
That's the one.
worth
There are hundreds of millions of crown singles, his chairperson
Oops, no, not me, I'm not the chairperson
I just know Piaoxu
Ah!
Is that so?
Then I'll go back to Jiangcheng now
Okay, then be careful. Hmm.
Slow down. Slow down.
unexpected
Shen Tian has been hiding for so many years
The bad things he did were all memorized by the Shen family
Shen Tian
We are cheap